# DalekSoundSystemPCB
Versions of a custom PCB designed in KiCad for the RC Dalek that I've helped build

The broad purpose of this board is to consolidate some pre-existing systems and get practice making PCBs and using STM32 Chips as the MCU.

More specifically, this board is designed to take 4 different PWM signals generated by an RC reciever as inputs, each is used to control separate functions:
-"PWM Input 1" is used to control the DWTheme Function, designed to play the Doctor Who Theme from the main speakers of the Dalek on loop as long as the toggle is on. It sends the audio through the "Audio Out" Output of the board and the audio is produced by the DF Mini Player.
-"PWM Input 2" is used to control the Main Lights Function, which turns on or off the external lights on the Dalek with a toggle swtich. Said lights are powered by the 12V battery on board the Dalek which are inputted through the "12V In" in put and the lights are connected to the "Lights Out" Output.
-"PWM Input 3" is used to control the Exterminate Function, which simply makes the Dalek exclaim Exterminate via the same method as the DWTheme Function.
-"PWM Input 4" is used to control the Blaster Function, which plays the corresponding Blaster sound via the same method as the DWTheme Function and controls RGB LEDs in a specific pattern to simulate a laser blaster. The Blaster LEDs are controled through the "LED Out" Output
Additionally this board features a volume knob to independantly control the volume of any sounds produced by this board

This Board also features some QOL features meant for helping bench test and future proofing such as:
-Breaking out every unused pin to its own header
-Organizing other pins used for different communication standards such as SPI or I2C
-Two additional PWM Inputs for potential future functions
-A USB Port so the board can be powered at a test bench
-An LED to indicate the board has power
-Header pins connected to UART4 which controls the DF Mini Player for monitoring
-An LED connected to the DF Mini Player to indicate when it is playing sound
-A push button used to facilitate testing

This Board is designed to be powered off of 5V power which is stepped down to 3.3V for the MCU. The board gets power from the USB port while bench testing and from the 5V pin on "PWM Input 1" when implimented in the Dalek 

V1 of this board is currently outdated and poorly designed
V2 is the current version of the board used in the actual robot
